everybody welcome excellent lamp is my
name I began to read plus his daily time
and yesterday we didn't do amazing we
came 1126 we did badly let's just be
honest and we're still in the top 100
amazingly but today apparently the daily
is very good and also sin VIX is ranked
like I mean he was high on today's daily
doesn't seem like he's on the front page
of the daily anymore just give me a
second your sin Victor it's a Maggi run
it goes to mega Satan he's ranking 120
today but he took a picture when he was
like ranked 25 so you know we're on the
use of Victor's all I'm trying to say
but doing a daily let's go is the
perfect run to keep my sea legs
underneath me as we get back to being
hopefully like not bad at Isaac again
well you have to go with the d4 it's
just you know the science of the
situation the scores do they range from
like the top one was like 63,000 and
then the bottom one on the front page so
like 30th place or something like that
was 53,000 so all of the scores are like
very very close together it's usually an
indication of a daily in which it's very
obvious to find the right way to go
which means to me and I'm not going to
try to reverse-engineer I'm just going
to try to play by feel here but the d4
is probably not a part of what makes
this work however using the d4 to
re-roll bad items into hopefully useful
items is a fairly sensible tactic so if
we find ourselves you know getting a
shot speed upgrade from the boss we
might want to roll out a quick d4 and
then eventually replace our space bar
item with something a little bit more
valuable for now though three tinted
rocks from the first floor and amazingly
enough bombs to actually take advantage
of them all probably gates us out of the
secret room but also hoping and some
likely but I was going to say I'm hoping
we'll be able to pick up a little bit
more money here so we can get an arcade
on the next floor it doesn't have to be
imagine boy although I wouldn't turn out
my nose at it this Dingell fight not the
easiest fight in the world this is
dangle sorry Dingle something completely
different
you stupid idiot Dingles the brown poop
dangles the slightly yellowish brown
poop as if he consumed a diet that was
high in fat for the previous gestational
period of a fecal bowel movement okay
damages I mean subpar this is par for
the course amazingly and I'm going to be
subpar and then also par for the course
I mean it's a great question the answer
to that question is basically we're just
Maggie we're just a vanilla Maggie right
now hey now vanilla Magdalen turned that
s up so Zach Della Rocca said in rage
against the machines magnum opus vanilla
Magdalen let's go you should be dead I
didn't get hit somehow he's dead we
didn't take too long here straight up
grab it we roll yourself son
technology that's well I just have to
cut off my desk it was a paper cup so it
made a sound like paper hitting the
ground we're have been way worse if that
was an actual glass and by the way I
know people are going to be like you rag
Don Robert for using paper plates and
you've got a paper cup it's from some
takeout that's one of the justifiable
situations so I'm not necessarily like
thinking technology wins us the game
here but I think reroll in a single HP
upgrade after we've already gotten the
HP from it into effectively piercing
shots is actually quite good we get the
right combination of items on this floor
via deal with the devil or otherwise we
can you know start to basically be off
to the races this run has to get good
fast otherwise the scores don't make
sense magic mush I can take it early I'm
just choked and we're going to take it
so in taking magic mush we're basically
making a contract to the game that says
we are not going to use the d4 again so
we're looking to replace that as soon as
possible hermit card is a lovely pickup
for getting out of a curse room without
taking as much damage you might as well
see what's going on in here I mean let's
be real we are well ahead of where we
should be on the average run right now
and this is a kind of run I'm looking
for right now and you know what I don't
know if this is a curated daily or what
but thank you thank you Nicholas
Nicholas is the janitor at the company
that made the binding of issac
afterbirth know Thank You Nicholas for
this daily assuming that it's as
excellent as it seems to be so far oh
you got to give me a little mom's knife
action on top of that let's take a
little delirium he's delirious so
technology and mom's knife do synergize
apparently I think we have a golden key
so it's not really doing too much for us
to do this but I will spend to go in
here crack it open crack it open that's
so good
we needed an item to replace the d4 so
we didn't accidentally use it
we have no bombs left so we can't blow
up the tinted or not tinted rock but
like anything over here to get the
golden chests open which is the shame
but we do have a guppy item and that's
great news we might as well come back
down here all right so this run
basically cannot be stopped at this
point hush boss rush the world's our
oyster deal with the devil is great this
is only the second floor and our stats
are through the roof we got mom's knife
we got magic mush
three of my favorite admins in the game
magic and mushroom and mom's knife
why does moms knife count as one when
magic mushroom counts as two just but
you look I don't make up the rules as I
go okay it's a so whose line is in
anyway sort of situation so I'll tell
you straight up in a hindsight I don't
think we should have taken little
delirium it's one of those things that
will probably be incredibly minor but
little delirium can turn into Bob's
brain which is can cause us to take
damage so and you know what as far as is
is some day today it's a weekend my
anniversary is tomorrow thank you
your clap and applause comedians always
do that I'm not saying I'm a comedian
now is go Ameri to my wife for 52 years
and then the audience goes well and they
go thank you thank you if you knew it
wouldn't be anything to applaud about
and then everybody laughs and this was
not a good use of a bomb and you know
it's the classic gold trope but as far
as I'm concerned if every everybody has
a good day today
then I'm a happy camper I don't need to
win in the leaderboard positions and
make other people feel badly about it
I do take bows oh I don't understand it
but I take it occasionally maybe gives
you rainbow poop jury's out my jury is
out at least I found pills well yeah you
know if everybody gets over 50,000 a day
and I end up ranking 300 dude that is
completely fine as far as I'm concerned
I'm not going to worry about nickel and
diming this run to make sure that we get
the the best possible chance to rank
highly unless it looks like we're
definitely going to in which case
obviously we're going to make an effort
for it
so technology guppy is great it's my
favorite skin for guppy in overwatch
let's go um and I walk into a red poop
what did I walk into a spider just try
to figure out what happened there we
should stop taking dumb damage obviously
let's blow this up thought maybe Willie
you silly do blow this up grab the
nickel now you want the sf4 you want
champion belt I'm of the opinion BFF is
a more fun item than champion belt but
I'll accept that they're both great here
I would take either use way too many
bombs there and honestly from a score
standpoint we're probably pulling up the
rear a little bit here please make me
guppy right now and give me a chance to
get this early gum stir going
something's wrong tears down actually
completely buying it all admit we
botched a little bit on this floor
but I'm going to choose not to worry
about it too much because we're a sad
clown with a knife and I don't want to
make myself angry in that situation nine
lives is a huge get here obviously and
I'm very excited to have it where one
item away from becoming Guffey we don't
have extra deal with the devil chance
but you know we got high apple pie in
the sky hope certainly we can afford to
go to that's fine
certainly we can afford to go to well
not this room sadly and we also will not
have an arcade but certainly we can
afford to go to curse rooms to try to
make that dream come true as well
and I'm not going to sweat the damage
too much I'm just kind of a fun daily
today I think we should take this this
is like the most stacked daily I've ever
seen and I say that almost without like
a hint of self-awareness this might
actually be the strongest daily I've
ever seen considering we're on the caves
- we may just want to go into the shop
the off-chance of the shop is actually
like a greed fight that could give us
some money here this daily is going to
be great and it helps to alleviate my
own personal conspiracies that's not
even a shop got confused by the map it
helps alleviate my own personal
conspiracy theory that the game has
somehow clandestinely become harder but
wouldn't they want you to think that you
know then give it a little float of an
easy daily today throw them off the
scent you know that Nicholas he's a
sneaky sanitation engineer let's go
let's go that's not guts still very
solid if you guys want it because I know
people are probably going NL stop saying
let's go it's getting annoying
it's either let let's go or sit your ass
down we'll do one of the two you all
allow you to choose because I respect
you and because you know basically my
income in existence are pretty much
beholden to you at this point so I'll
allow you to choose excited let's go or
sit your ass down
check this we want it to be great
oh that's that's the secret that's where
the run comes together it's restock
restock restock restock really suck but
if you wanted that to be good Johnny by
men at work except like some really
poorly if you want to revitalize let's
go search Don sherry let's go
Don sherry is like are in Canada at
least these are 95 year old hockey
commentator who rags on Europeans for
wearing visors we're not going to have
enough money to buy restock which might
actually be like a pretty bad thing but
there's not much we can do about it so
we'll just move along here that chest
was inaccessible I think you've got a
song from a series of videotapes used to
sell through late-night infomercials
called Rock'em Sock'em where it's just
body checks and fights non-stop and
during the height of really really bad
mainstream rap in the early 1990s and
I'm not talking about NWA I'm not
talking about Public Enemy I'm talking
about snow I'm selling out my own
Canadian you know brother here but made
a really ill-advised rap about body
checks you know it can shoot he can
score
holy cow it's Bobby Orr let's go let's
go is give it a try like it is uh it's a
classic and it is revitalized the let's
go meta for me I've been familiar with
that video for probably like maybe five
or six years by now but gets better
every time and by that I mean it really
gets really really really really bad
after like the third time and then the
irony kicks in and it starts to get
better so that's a tough call isn't it
there we got a little blank card action
blank card is a great point
enabler and admittedly if we become
guffy we don't really need three extra
extra flies for a room we're going to
you know crush it from a fly standpoint
compass was pretty cheap too and we will
actually be able to with our existing
bombs get over there and make that blank
card happen the only question is if we
want to give up Guppies head for it
right now is offensively pretty good
that could change either way I feel like
we're in the driver's seat like a
million percent on this run it's so
solid right now I would just like to it
doesn't it to be W but if you just want
to give me the ability to fly right off
the bat I think that's solid and then
we'll get blank card maybe buy the card
and the compass from the shop see what
they are
monstro to you should be dead in like
zero seconds here we're going to this is
like one of the very few dailies in
which I'm not even going to have to
worry about making it the boss rush
because we're going to make it the boss
rush so quickly in the case we made for
taking brother Bobby there but I don't
think it's worth it I do think sucky bus
damage bonus is pretty sweet
assuming they actually synergizes one
another tell you well buy the card first
called in the compass with buy the card
strength blank card strength
well Chicka wash away the rain black a
little strength I know it's not the
right week to be making a satirical
black hole Sun reference RFP to Chris
Cornell lead singer of Soundgarden
audioslave's solo ventures you know a
hallmark of the grunge scene in Seattle
sad news it's all a blank card on soos
though it's also one of those news items
that scares me because and I don't I'm
not trying to trivialize you know a
celebrity death at all you know when I
saw the news I was like holy cow Chris
Cornell man that's that's nuts but when
I saw the news I was like oh my god
we made a Temple of the dog reference on
Mondays n LSS and then there he is in
the news this happened to us on other
occasions before you know we mentioned
David Bowie
three days later David Bowie passed away
and I mean obvi
steamed sale obviously all these
situations you know they have other
mitigating concerns going on with them
but I am a little bit worried of maybe
Nick Josh and I and everybody else to
contribute to the show might be
otherworldly gods who can condemn
someone to death just by mentioning them
on our stupid little stream that's got
to be our second secret room right I'm
not saying we are what I am saying is
don't cross us cuz you don't even know
man what we're capable of apparently
okay we're going we're gonna explore
everything we got like eight minutes or
so well we got seven minutes or so get
this handled admittedly blank card on
soos is not the perfect combination it's
like having one son card per floor minus
the full health aspect however one map
per floor certainly not bad either might
be better to have liked it here upon
obviously but strength once every four
rooms we get a strength card really
useful for deals with the devil apart
from that like who are we trying to
impress we're killing enemies so fast
we're never going to need a strength
card for the stat bonus so things that
provide us with utility seem way more
beneficial right now we can do
everything on this floor assuming the
time holds up we can do everything you
just go hard on this admittedly blank
card strength into boss rush would have
been nice so now you got poor babylon
active stamps are looking lovely enough
money to go get something from the shop
don't really want to take that yet this
is why you know if we got a Guppies paw
on this floor and deal with the devil
that would be like the perfect scenario
for us right now
go full-on spirit arts never have to
worry about the the Whore of Babylon
being active permanent Polaroid
invincibility it's a good start we could
use defensive items and spirit oh it's
probably worth the bomb we could use
like a relic or something like that but
it's it's a great situation for us to be
in right now we're about on par with
where we normally are at this point on a
daily point wise which is a little bit
of a disappointment cuz we should be
ahead of it but I did take especially on
the caves one I played a little roughly
I was going to say is there is there an
enemy dropping at some point on this
level or are we just going to walk
around for a hundred years yeah we're
not going to take that on purpose at
least oh there goes for a babylon we are
going to go down here and explore the
remainder of what we got going on you
know what you got to check at this point
in your life with two bombs
you've got to check you throw this I
know we have magic mush all ready but
you got to give it a shot two trinkets
none of them very useful at this point
try to think I mean there was Scott
stamp sound like we've started talking
about Scott's there you got a check
three cents blank card Emperor I mean it
is better than blank card on Zeus but I
almost feel like blank card on soos is
like actually better because I'll know
the proper way assuming did we get black
candle on this run then I can't remember
now let's just check these first before
I worry about it okay Paul this feels
great I found pills who cares and full
health all right we're good to go here
basically but uh I think I'd rather
assuming we don't have like curse will
be unknown I think I would rather know
where I'm going then just immediately go
to the boss fight and have to backtrack
and fill in the blanks from there would
be nice to get to the the secret
rooms as quickly as possible or not
secretory sorry the devil room chants as
quickly as possible I suppose so when
you take damage you have a chance to
spawn nicely done when you take damage
you've got a chance to spawn a golden
poop or sorry a rainbow poop that must
be the that must be the way bozo works
there in which case potentially it's got
something going for it you got to check
this we got tons of time I think it's
worth it just to lower the amount of HP
that we have and get a black card money
equals power beautiful item pencils
pretty good too but I don't know if it's
energized with either of our tier
effects so you take money equals power
and then the last thing that we need to
make this run like impossible to lose
and I hesitate with that verbiage but is
well I mean 77 cents wouldn't say no to
however if I can get a card that is
useful once every few rooms and makes me
forget about on Zeus here think on Zeus
is fine for our purposes but it could
get better we talked about Fred Durst a
lot on the show and then he started
streaming on Twitch I think it's got to
be like within a certain amount of time
that makes it seem not as artificial
because like I don't know we were
talking about Fred there's for like six
months and then he started streaming on
Twitch tech that's liable to be
coincidental as our like every single
one of the things I've drawn up so far
but still
I'm just saying man we might be gods
everybody wants to rule the world that's
what I've always said
well let's not I was going to go a
little deeper into that bit and you know
sometimes a comedy not that this is what
this is except for a comedy of errors
but you know people have this opinion
like there's no sacred cows you know if
you get offended by something anything
that's your fault
there's no sacred cows I think is kind
of like sacred cows like it's lazy you
know da ela edgy comedy to be you know I
always find anything I said this last
time we're not last time but you know I
saw some David Bowie died as well people
always go like oh you were a fan of
Chris Cornell why didn't you talk about
it every waking second before he died
you're just a bandwagon fan but I don't
even know I'm going with this all I'm
saying is r.i.p r.i.p especially for
people like just a little bit older than
me that's that it's hard cuz I was like
you know six when Soundgarden was at the
the height of their popularity and
influence that'll be like you know if
I'm alive when Kanye West dies that's
where it'll be like for me but he might
outlive me by like you know 50 years who
knows how's his diet I don't know that's
the thing before anybody wanted K West
beats he and his girls split the buffet
at KFC that might indicate that at a
time in his life he had a diet that was
high in perhaps you know saturated fats
maybe even trans fats but I would never
you know deign to suggests that he still
eats like that today I don't know what
his exercise is like but you know gotta
be in pretty good shape to be putting on
tours all the time you know he's walking
around on a stage I'm calling it 2061
Kanye West
we'll live to be nearly 90 years old
that seems a little you know it does
seem ambitious but what can I say the
tea leaves have spoken why am I on this
tangent anyway how did I get into this
tangent boy this is a bloody big tangent
isn't it point wise how we doing right
now actually like could not be further
from concerned boss rush was fast boss
rush on day leaves is rarely fast so we
should thank the good tyrone above then
we were able to get like the sickest
damage daily ever okay so it's going to
be one of those huh last thing you got
to do is give me guppy on this floor
they were good to go but he's so goofy
he's a cat but he dies dies dies on
cathedrals at YouTube if there's nothing
missing in my run then when do I die on
the caves one lucky britney spears
anybody you heard of this girl I think
she's really a big up-and-coming artist
no tinted rocks so what I have to know
because that's the second time I've been
hit by something that I don't
necessarily think existed this bozo just
calls you to take damage sometimes or
did I just miss what what hit me there
obviously the amnesia pill here is kind
of unfortunate directly hard counters
blank card on suits but I don't really
think we'd be kicking too much more but
if we had Guppies paw right now or
Guppies head right now I mean we're
crushing it regardless sack of sack soon
what do you get for the run that has
everything ask him for a friend that was
a terrible Dodge
keep in mind even as our HP gets a
little lower due to personal mistakes
here we are still oh there's a card in
there
Emperor ace of diamonds no I mean
there's a card in here we still have
nine lives
Emperor chariot sorry not Emperor blank
card Islands whose blank card end for a
blank card sherry I mean once every four
rooms blank card sherry it or we could
stick with on suits but we've used it to
tell us where to go for one floor so
sure blank card blank card sherry of
dude why not not going to be great on
hush specifically but I was really
banking on that devil deal there we've
got 30 cents don't I mean we have a good
damage regardless but you don't need to
spend unless you see something you
really like or something that could amp
up your point total so I mean Book of
Secrets is pretty great it's better than
blank card chariot
oh dude but they're both so good don't
make me choose you got to look Hank man
not really worth it box of friends
actually could be the right choice
hilariously enough I think you go
infestation too because we don't need
black hearts that much once every four
rooms box of friends and then we take
whatever the passive was from the from
the other room we're not going to do
void it's always better to go to the lam
floor so take this Y box of friends by
the way well oh three pills two tiers
downgrades and uh telefilms which has
taken me into the hush - I lost my
chariot card not a huge deal
so the thinking is like double-double
sake bus is going to do some great work
double delirium I don't know maybe
even double sack of sacks can do some
great stuff for us I don't know if this
is the right call but it is like one of
the very very that was so bad
rare opportunities to productively take
box of friends outside of a Lilith's
start so as far as I'm concerned that's
like not a common occurrence so I'm
going to take it because not only does
it have a little it's kind of a hint of
Zayn if I'm being real with you but on
top of that hint of Zayn it's actually
got like it's got some real meat to it
double high damage BFF succubus plus
then you got you know I mean double BFF
everything double BFF manga baby ghost
baby rainbow baby I don't think they're
going to be doing too much but it's like
you know in spider-man one who killed
the Green Goblin is spider-man right but
in the scene where he's dangling Mary
Jane over the you know Williamsburg
Bridge or whatever it's probably just
the Brooklyn Bridge huh he's about to
kill spider-man and then the citizens of
New York throw soda cans into his face
and Green Goblin goes ah and then the
one guy goes you'll mess with spider-man
you'll mess with us and then that's what
these familiars are essentially doing
for me right now
there'd be in my little soda can
throwers they're saying hey you mess
with Maggie you mess with the NL on
today's daily you mess with us so we
took a lot of hits there but we are like
it's unfathomable if we died on this run
without accidentally like re-rolling our
whole run I think I might be getting
spider-man and spider-man two mixed up
spider-man 2 is the one where he's on
the subway and then the city of New York
rallies behind him
and they carry him off the train like
you've Jesus Christ but there's
definitely they throw some soda cans in
the first movie I remember it's
definitely many might not be soda cans
but they're throwing something at the
Green Goblin I promise you this alright
so I'm not really worried about beating
some victims score today because let me
tell you something about sin victim he
only brags about his daily scores when
they're good I'll brag about a crack
daily score and all these dailies end up
on the leaderboards right this guy's
doing some statistics 101 stuff on he's
pulling only his best scores and then
choosing to call me out over it you know
the rankings speak for themselves
I don't be mad at Mesa victim you know
that be mad at greed but for telling the
truth but I am worried about getting the
best score possible here without
succumbing to the minutia of trying to
figure out exactly how to min/max
everything 100% at expensive
entertainment on our end at least so I
think that that's fine I'm just going to
try to minimize the damage penalty
that's static 100% of the time you want
to do that and apart from that never
spend anything keep opening these and
hoping for two of you know in hindsight
I didn't think of this until just now
maybe we should have stuck with blank
card from a strictly daily perspective
blank card makes a lot of sense I I
thought I popped the chariot what did I
pop instead of the chariot there from a
strictly like daily perspective yeah I
left the chariot behind no I left the
cherry behind for High Priestess I see
that was stupid from the strictly daily
perspective doubling consumables at this
point would give us more points so that
would be wise but we've already you know
we've made our bed now it's time to lie
in it
northern lie in it get it that's the
name of the YouTube channel
alright we should grab this you never
know if I lose to him by 15 points I'll
be displeased 50,000 is probably out of
reach for us at this point that's my
guess anyway what's our luck stat ad 3
so we should get some consumables on the
next floor maybe not too many good job
still looking for two of you've had a
subs which maybe we could have used
creatively to make something happen but
that train is sailed okay well that's
one way to get into a secret room I
think we have double on Zeus yes alright
let's go fifty-thousand seems out of
reach I'm thinking mid-40s probably good
enough to for top 250 but there's so
many scores that are going to be ranked
well today without a doubt wait where is
my second of every orbital right now
every familiar why do I only have one of
it I used it though is the thing where's
my second are they all doubled on top of
each other
alright Magus Satan gives us a bonus as
well so and we did become guppy you knew
it had to happen search your feelings
search your heart search your soul if
you find me let you search no more we
don't want to fight mega Satan yet so
now I would advise or revise I should
say my previous estimate all secret
rooms no damage kill mega Satan I think
we could be looking at like a maybe a
low I'm gonna say 48 I think if we
really play to our strengths here we
could be looking at a 48 thousand daily
still not enough for like a top class
placement necessarily but
not a bad score and this is a nice daily
you know I've been throwing shaded
Sandvik to actually have to thank him
you shouldn't be taking itis at this
point but we can take that one I have to
thank him because him telling me like to
do today's daily put me in a good state
of mind for it I said to myself well
this it's this more I could do well on
the daily of course I got to do it no I
didn't say that that would be incredibly
disrespectful I thought it no of course
I didn't think that I just thought you
know what it's nice to be advised of a
good daily so I go in you know with a
smile on my face instead of a chip on my
shoulder and here we are having a good
daily but you can't is the thing maybe
you can what if you kill do you get the
bonus for killing mega satan or you get
the bonus for touching mega satan's
trophy because if you get it for killing
mega satan we should do everything kill
mega satan use the forget-me-now and
then do the whole floor again but this
time fighting the lamb you don't be
great is that we got dad's key I took
tech point five as well because it's
awesome but if you get it for touching
the trophy we definitely should not
forget me now because it'll cost us like
ten thousand points so it's a it's a
conservative this leprosy you're tearing
me apart okay it's a Tommy Wiseau
reference then shard of glass once it
was an adamant I didn't know what it
could do it's called shot a glass I've
watched the para do fresher it's called
it's called Charlie glass a fresh about
can do there we go it's a vine meme it's
a ghost mean oh what the heck give me
some more spiders so you may have
survived by this point I'm not going to
use forget me now I will accept that it
might be the right play
but I think I've actually done it before
and my gut is telling me that that's not
the right play to be honest with you we
could pretty much beat the entire next
floor and mega Satan had like roughly
the same speed it's not like this is
going to be a long Daly either way so if
not I'm not motivated by like time
self-interest like oh I got to go get
lunch or something like that I hate like
a 1100 calorie lunch I'm probably pretty
good for a while here but I actually
think that the right thing to do is to
do what we're doing right now we'll find
out if that's the case so I called 48
thousand that might be a little bit
generous but we'll see here soon we're
not going to be in the 50s so we're not
going to be on the front page but that's
fair given the damage penalty we took
today and honestly the esteemed
competition in the eyes of community and
it's a weekend so that you know it's
going to be a busy daily to begin with
46,000 288 I think that's just fine
civic that you did beat us today
congratulations if you enjoyed the
episode click the like button upset a
great deal of course subscribe if you
wanna see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time